Editorial review: Device Posture API (#37595)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/deviceposture/index.md

---
title: DevicePosture
slug: Web/API/DevicePosture
page-type: web-api-interface
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.DevicePosture
---

{{APIRef("Device Posture API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`DevicePosture`** interface of the {{domxref("Device Posture API", "Device Posture API", "", "nocode")}} represents the device's posture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`DevicePosture`** interface of the {{domxref("Device Posture API")}} represents the device's posture, notably whether a device is flat or folded.
```
1. if there is a space in the second parameter, it won't render as code. I think this may be true also if there is a space in the first parameter. 
2. define posture somehow

Author: OK, I've defined posture.

I'm not changing the macro call, because I don't want it in code font.

Reviewer: if there is a space in the second parameter, it won't render as code.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Instance properties

_Inherits properties from its parent, {{DOMxRef("EventTarget")}}._

- {{domxref("DevicePosture.type", "type")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns the device's current posture.

## Events

- {{domxref("DevicePosture.change_event", "change")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Fires when the device's posture changes.

## Examples

```js

> const postureOutput = document.querySelector("p");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const postureOutput = document.getElementById("currentPosture");
```
wouldn't want all the paragraphs to update their content on change
